docs: add docs for header feature (#8535)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-table.md

* `data_type`: the SQL type of the column. Columns can be any of the
   [data types](/reference/sql/data-types) supported by ksqlDB.

* `HEADERS` or `HEADER('<key>')`: columns that are populated by the Kafka message's header should be

>    marked as `HEADERS` or `HEADER('<key>')` columns. If a column is marked by `HEADERS`, then it will contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   marked as `HEADERS` or `HEADER('<key>')` columns. If a column is marked by `HEADERS`, it contains

```
